Support arbitrary scope and insertion delimiter for drop, float and puff (#2646)
cursorless-dev/cursorless: changelog/2024-08-supportArbitraryInsertionDelimiterDrinkFloat.md

---
tags: [enhancement]
pullRequest: 2646
---

> Support arbitrary scope and insertion delimiter for drop, float and puff.
> This new implementation allows us to do things like `"puff token"` to insert spaces. `"float item"` to insert `, ` etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`drop`, `float` and `puff` now behave like `drink` and `pour` for non-line targets: for example, `"puff token"` will insert spaces around the token; `"float item"` will insert `, `s as needed, and so on.
```
